We are given N resources (1..N) and M users (1..M). Each user i has a set Si of resources they must access.

Rules:
- Each resource can belong to at most one group.
- A user can belong to multiple groups.
- A user has access to a resource only if the user is in the group that contains that resource.
- Each user must have access to exactly the resources in Si (no more, no less).

Goal: Minimize the number of groups.

How to think:

Since a resource can be in only one group, the groups partition the set of resources (some resources might not be used? but note: if a resource is not requested by any user, we don't need to assign it to any group? However, the problem states that we must grant access to the resources each user wishes. So only resources that are in at least one user's request need to be assigned to groups? Actually, note: the input only describes the requests of users. It is possible that a resource is not requested by any user, but then we don't need to assign it to any group. However, the problem says "each resource can belong to at most one user group", meaning we can leave resources out.

But note: the problem says "each user should have access to all resources he or she wishes, but to no any other resource". So if a resource is not requested by a user, then that user must not be in the group that contains that resource.

How do we assign resources to groups? The constraint is: for each user i, the set of groups that user i belongs to must exactly cover the set Si, and not include any resource not in Si.

But note: if two users have the same set of requested resources, then they can share the same group for all those resources. However, if the sets are different, we have to be careful.

Let R be the set of resources that are requested by at least one user.

We can think of the problem as: we want to assign each resource r to a group. Then, for each user i, we define the set of groups that user i belongs to as the groups that contain resources in Si. But note: user i must not be assigned to a group that contains a resource not in Si. So if a group contains a resource r, then we can only add user i to that group if r ∈ Si.

But also, for each resource r that is in Si, we must have that user i is in the group that contains r.

Therefore, for a group g that contains a set of resources Rg, the set of users that can be assigned to g is exactly the set of users i such that Rg ⊆ Si.

However, we are free to choose the grouping of resources.

We want to minimize the number of groups.

Alternative approach (known from similar problems): This problem is equivalent to finding the minimum number of cliques needed to cover the edges of a bipartite graph? Actually, let's model:

We have a bipartite graph: left side = users, right side = resources. There is an edge (i, r) if user i requires resource r.

The constraints:
- Each resource can be in only one group -> so the groups correspond to a partition of the resource nodes (and possibly some resource nodes are isolated, but we can ignore resources with no edges? but note: if a resource has no edge, then no user needs it, so we don't need to assign it to any group. So we only consider resources that are connected to at least one user? Actually, the problem does not say that we must assign every resource, only that we must satisfy the access constraints. So resources that are not requested by any user can be ignored.

Now, for a group g, we assign a set of resources Rg and a set of users Ug. The condition is: for every user i in Ug and every resource r in Rg, we must have an edge (i, r) (because if user i is in the group and the group has resource r, then i must have access to r, meaning r must be in Si). Also, for every resource r in Rg, if a user i requires r (i.e., edge (i, r) exists), then i must be in Ug? Not exactly: we require that user i has access to r, so i must be in the group that contains r. Therefore, for a resource r, the group that contains r must include all users i such that (i, r) is an edge.

Wait: that is a key point! For a resource r, the group that contains r must include every user that requires r. Why? Because each user that requires r must have access to r, and the only way is to be in the group that has r.

Therefore, for a group g that contains resource r, the set of users in g must include all users i such that r ∈ Si.

But note: the group g may contain multiple resources. Then the set of users in g must include the union of all users that require each resource in the group? Actually, no: it must include the intersection? Let me clarify.

Actually, for a group g containing resources Rg, the set of users in g must be exactly the set of users i such that Rg ⊆ Si. Why?

- If a user i is in group g, then for every resource r in Rg, user i must have access to r, so r ∈ Si. Therefore, Rg ⊆ Si.
- Conversely, if Rg ⊆ Si, then user i requires every resource in Rg, so user i must be in the group that contains each of those resources? But wait: each resource r in Rg is in group g, so user i must be in group g to get access to r. Therefore, if Rg ⊆ Si, then user i must be in group g.

So the set of users for group g must be exactly { i | Rg ⊆ Si }.

But note: we are free to choose how to partition the resources. However, if we put two resources r1 and r2 in the same group, then the group must include all users that require both r1 and r2 (and only those? no: actually, it must include all users that require every resource in the group, i.e., both r1 and r2). But also, if a user requires r1 and r2, then they must be in the group. However, if a user requires r1 but not r2, then they must not be in the group (because the group has r2 and they don't require r2, so they shouldn't have access to r2). Therefore, if we put r1 and r2 in the same group, then we require that the set of users that require r1 is the same as the set of users that require r2? Not exactly: we require that the set of users that require both r1 and r2 is exactly the set of users that require r1 (if r1 is in the group) and also the set of users that require r2? Actually, no.

Let U(r) = { i | r ∈ Si } (the set of users that require resource r).

If we put r1 and r2 in the same group, then the group must include the users U(r1) ∩ U(r2)? Actually, no: the group must include all users that require every resource in the group, so U(r1) ∩ U(r2). But also, for the resource r1, we must have that every user that requires r1 must be in the group that contains r1. Since r1 is in the group, the group must contain U(r1). Similarly, the group must contain U(r2). Therefore, we must have U(r1) ⊆ (group users) and U(r2) ⊆ (group users). But the group users must be exactly the set of users that require every resource in the group, so the group users must be U(r1) ∩ U(r2). Therefore, we require U(r1) ∩ U(r2) = U(r1) ∩ U(r2) and also U(r1) ⊆ U(r1) ∩ U(r2) and U(r2) ⊆ U(r1) ∩ U(r2). This implies U(r1) ⊆ U(r2) and U(r2) ⊆ U(r1), so U(r1) = U(r2).

Therefore, two resources r1 and r2 can be in the same group only if U(r1) = U(r2).

But wait: what if we have more than two? For a set of resources Rg, the group must have users = ∩_{r in Rg} U(r). And for each resource r in Rg, we require that U(r) ⊆ (∩_{r' in Rg} U(r')). Therefore, for every r in Rg, we have U(r) ⊆ ∩_{r' in Rg} U(r') ⊆ U(r), so U(r) = ∩_{r' in Rg} U(r'). Therefore, all resources in Rg must have the same U(r) set.

So: resources with the same "user set" can be grouped together. And if we have a set of resources that all have the same U(r) (i.e., the same set of users requiring them), then we can put them all in one group. And that group will have users = that common set.

But is that sufficient? Yes: for a group with resources Rg and common user set U, then for any resource r in Rg, U(r)=U, so all users in U require r, and no user outside U requires r. Therefore, the group users U will give access to all resources in Rg to exactly the users in U, and no one else.

Therefore, the minimal number of groups is the number of distinct user-sets (U(r)) for resources r that are required by at least one user.

But note: what about resources that are not required by any user? We don't need to assign them to any group, so we ignore them.

However, let's test with the example:

Input: 
5 2
2 1 3
3 3 4 5

Resources:
1: required by user 1 -> U(1) = {1}
2: not required by anyone? Actually, the input doesn't mention resource 2. So U(2) = {} -> but we don't need to assign it because no user requires it.
3: required by user 1 and 2 -> U(3) = {1,2}
4: required by user 2 -> U(4) = {2}
5: required by user 2 -> U(5) = {2}

So distinct non-empty user sets? 
- U(1) = {1}
- U(3) = {1,2}
- U(4) = {2}
- U(5) = {2}

But note: U(4) and U(5) are the same. So we have three distinct non-empty sets: {1}, {1,2}, {2}. Therefore, 3 groups.

That matches the sample output.

But wait: what about resource 2? It is not required by any user, so we skip it. So we only consider resources that are in at least one Si.

However, note: the problem says "the set Si" for each user, and the resources are numbered 1..N. But it is possible that a resource is not mentioned in any Si. Then U(r) is empty, and we don't need to create a group for it.

Therefore, the solution:

1. For each resource r (from 1 to N), compute the set of users that require r. But note: we don't need to consider resources that no user requires (empty set) because they don't need to be assigned.

2. Count the number of distinct non-empty sets U(r) for r in [1, N].

However, note: the sets U(r) are sets of user indices (from 1 to M). We can represent each set as a bitset or as a sorted tuple (or as a string of bits) but since M <= 100, we can use a bitset of 100 bits? Or we can use a vector<bool> of size M+1, but we need to hash or compare.

Alternatively, we can use a set of vectors (but M is small, so we can use a set of strings or set of bit masks).

But note: the problem says M, N up to 100. So we can represent the set as a bitmask of M bits (using an integer of 64 bits? but M up to 100, so we need 100 bits -> use __int128 or two 64-bit integers? Alternatively, we can use std::bitset<100> and then use it in a set? But set of bitset is possible, but bitset doesn't have hash by default. Alternatively, we can use a string of M characters (each '0' or '1') and then use a set of strings.

But note: the problem is small (N, M <= 100), so even if we use a vector<bool> and then put it in a set (by converting to a tuple of booleans, but vector<bool> is not directly hashable) we can do:

Option: 
  For resource r, we create a vector of M booleans: for user i (0-indexed), set to true if user i+1 requires r.

But then we can use:
  set<vector<bool>> -> but vector<bool> is a special proxy and doesn't have a hash, and also comparison is available but set can use vector<bool> as key? Yes, because vector has operator< defined lexicographically.

But note: vector<bool> is a bit optimized and might be slow? But N and M are only 100, so 100*100=10000 comparisons, and 100 elements -> 100 log 100 comparisons, which is fine.

Alternatively, we can use a string: for each resource, create a string of M characters, where the i-th character (0-indexed) is '1' if user i+1 requires r, else '0'. Then use set<string>.

But note: we don't care about the order of resources? We just want distinct sets.

Steps:

- Read N, M.
- We'll create an array (or vector) for each resource? Actually, we can create an array `req` of size N+1 (indexed 1..N) of vectors? Or we can create a 2D vector: `hasResource[i][r]`? But we don't need that.

Alternatively, we can for each resource r from 1 to N, initialize an empty set (or a bitset) of users.

But easier: 
  We'll create a vector<vector<bool>> userForResource(N+1, vector<bool>(M, false)); 
  But then we can convert each resource r to a string.

However, note: the input gives for each user i (from 1 to M) the list of resources they require.

So:

  For i from 0 to M-1 (user i+1):
      read k, then k resources.
      for each resource r in that list:
          mark that user i+1 requires resource r.

Then, for r from 1 to N:
      if there is at least one user that requires r, then form a signature (like a string of M characters: for user j from 0 to M-1, if user j+1 requires r then '1', else '0').

But note: we only need non-empty sets. However, if the set is empty, we skip.

But: the problem says "non-negative integer" for the size, so k can be 0. Then the user requires no resources.

However, for resources: if a resource r is never mentioned, then it has no user, so we skip.

Implementation:

  vector<bool> required(N+1, false); -> no, we need per resource the set of users.

  Instead, let's create a vector of sets or vectors.

  We can do:

      vector<vector<int>> resourceUsers(N+1);   // resourceUsers[r] = list of users that require r.

  But then we want to form a canonical representation.

  Alternatively, we can use a vector of bit masks? But M up to 100, so we can use:

      vector<bitset<100>> resMask(N+1);   // but bitset size must be compile time, and 100 is fixed.

  However, the problem says M up to 100, so we can do bitset<100> for each resource.

  Then, for r from 1 to N, if resMask[r].any(), then we use resMask[r] as a key.

  But bitset doesn't have hash, but we can use:

      set<bitset<100>> mySet;

  However, bitset has operator< defined? Yes, lexicographic order on the bits.

  So:

      set<bitset<100>> groups;

      for r from 1 to N:
          if (resMask[r].any()) 
             groups.insert(resMask[r]);

      answer = groups.size();

But note: what if two resources have the same set of users? Then they will be inserted only once.

Let's test with sample:

  Resource 1: users = [1] -> bitset: [1,0,0,...] (for M=2: first bit set, second not) -> "10"
  Resource 3: users = [1,2] -> "11"
  Resource 4: users = [2] -> "01"
  Resource 5: users = [2] -> "01" -> same as resource 4.

  So distinct: "10", "11", "01" -> 3.

Perfect.

Steps:

  Read N, M.

  Initialize a vector of bitset<100> for resources 1..N (index 1 to N). But note: we don't know M at compile time? But the problem says M<=100, so we can use bitset<100> and then only use the first M bits.

  However, when comparing, the bitset of size 100: the bits beyond M are 0. So if two resources have the same set of users in the first M, then they are the same.

  But note: if M=50, then bits 50..99 are always 0, so it's safe.

  How to set:

      for user index i (0-indexed, representing user i+1):
          for each resource r in the list:
              resMask[r].set(i);   // set the i-th bit.

  Then, for r from 1 to N:
      if the bitset has at least one set bit in the first M bits? Actually, we don't need to check because if it has any bit set beyond M, it shouldn't because we only set bits for i in [0, M-1]. So we can check if the entire bitset is non-zero? But note: it might have bits set beyond M? No, we only set bits for i in [0, M-1]. So if the bitset is zero, then skip.

  However, we can simply check: if any of the first M bits is set? But the bitset has 100 bits, and we only set the first M. So we can do:

      if (resMask[r].none()) continue;
      else insert.

  But note: it's possible that a resource is required by a user beyond M? No, because users are 1..M, so we only set bits for i in [0, M-1]. So if the bitset is zero, then no user requires it.

  Therefore:

      set<bitset<100>> distinct;
      for (int r = 1; r <= N; r++) {
          if (!resMask[r].none()) {
              distinct.insert(resMask[r]);
          }
      }

      cout << distinct.size() << endl;

But note: what if M=0? Then we don't set any bit. But the problem says M>=1, so we don't have to worry.

Let me check constraints: 1<=N, M<=100.

So code:

  #include <iostream>
  #include <vector>
  #include <bitset>
  #include <set>
  #include <cctype>
  #include <algorithm>

  using namespace std;

  int main() {
      int N, M;
      cin >> N >> M;

      // We'll create an array of bitset<100> for resources 1..N
      vector<bitset<100>> resourceMask(N+1); // index 1 to N

      for (int i = 0; i < M; i++) {
          int k;
          cin >> k;
          while (k--) {
              int r;
              cin >> r;
              // user i+1 requires resource r
              resourceMask[r].set(i); // set the i-th bit (0-indexed)
          }
      }

      set<bitset<100>> distinct;
      for (int r = 1; r <= N; r++) {
          if (!resourceMask[r].none()) {
              distinct.insert(resourceMask[r]);
          }
      }

      cout << distinct.size() << endl;

      return 0;
  }

Let me test with sample:

  Input: "5 2", then first user: "2 1 3" -> k=2, resources 1 and 3.
      resourceMask[1]: set bit0 -> 000...001 (but bit0 is the least significant? Actually, bitset: set(i) sets the i-th bit, and the bitset is stored from bit0 (LSB) to bit99 (MSB)? But for set comparison, it doesn't matter as long as we are consistent.

  Second user: "3 3 4 5" -> k=3, resources 3,4,5.
      resourceMask[3]: set bit0 and bit1 -> so bits: ...00000011 (in two bits: 11)
      resourceMask[4]: set bit1 -> ...00000010
      resourceMask[5]: set bit1 -> ...00000010

  Then distinct: 
      resource1: 000...001 -> value 1
      resource3: 000...011 -> value 3
      resource4: 000...010 -> value 2
      resource5: 000...010 -> same as 4.

  So distinct: 1, 2, 3 -> 3.

  Correct.

But note: what if a resource is required by no user? Then resourceMask[r] is all zeros -> skip.

Therefore, the code should be correct.

However, note: the problem says "the set Si" for user i, and the resources in the input are positive integers not exceeding N. So we are safe.

Let me consider another example:

  N=1, M=2
  User1: 1 1
  User2: 0

  Then resource1: required by user1 -> bit0 set -> 000...001 -> non-empty -> distinct set: { {1} } -> output 1.

  But what groups? 
      Group1: resource1, and users {1}. 
      User1: has access to resource1 -> ok.
      User2: doesn't require resource1, and is not in the group -> so no access -> ok.

  So 1 group is enough.

Another example:

  N=1, M=2
  User1: 1 1
  User2: 1 1

  Then resource1: required by both -> bit0 and bit1 set -> 000...011 -> distinct set: one set -> output 1.

  Correct: one group with resource1 and both users.

Another example:

  N=2, M=2
  User1: 1 1
  User2: 1 2

  Then:
      resource1: {1} -> bit0
      resource2: {2} -> bit1
      distinct: two sets -> output 2.

  Why? 
      Group1: resource1, user1.
      Group2: resource2, user2.
      Then user1 has resource1, user2 has resource2. And no extra access.

  Correct.

But what if:

  N=2, M=2
  User1: 2 1 2
  User2: 1 1

  Then:
      resource1: users {1,2} -> bits0 and 1 set.
      resource2: user {1} -> bit0 set.

  Distinct sets: two sets: {1,2} and {1} -> output 2.

  How to assign?
      Group1: resource1 -> must include users that require resource1: both user1 and user2. But then user2 would have access to resource1? yes, which is required (user2 requires resource1) but also user2 would have access to resource2? No, because resource2 is not in group1. Then how does user1 get resource2? 
          We need another group for resource2: group2: resource2 -> must include users that require resource2: only user1. 
      Then:
          user1: in group1 (has resource1) and group2 (has resource2) -> has both.
          user2: only in group1 -> has resource1, but not resource2 -> which is correct because user2 only requires resource1.

  So 2 groups.

  But note: can we do with 1 group? 
      If we put both resources in one group, then the group must include users that require both resources? 
          For resource1: user1 and user2 must be in the group.
          For resource2: user1 must be in the group.
          So the group must have users {1,2}. 
          Then user2 would have access to resource2? but user2 does not require resource2 -> violation.

      So we need 2 groups.

Therefore, the solution is correct.

Let's code accordingly.

Note: We are using bitset<100> and M is at most 100, so it's safe.

We'll write the code as described.


```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <vector>
#include <bitset>
#include <set>

using namespace std;

int main() {
    int N, M;
    cin >> N >> M;

    vector<bitset<100>> resourceMask(N + 1);

    for (int i = 0; i < M; i++) {
        int k;
        cin >> k;
        while (k--) {
            int r;
            cin >> r;
            resourceMask[r].set(i);
        }
    }

    set<bitset<100>> distinctGroups;
    for (int r = 1; r <= N; r++) {
        if (!resourceMask[r].none()) {
            distinctGroups.insert(resourceMask[r]);
        }
    }

    cout << distinctGroups.size() << endl;

    return 0;
}
```